For these units exercise,
you reviewed the nest special publications.
These are documents you'll reference regularly,
as a security professional.
Let me show you what they look like.
For part 2 of the exercise,
you should have gone to the csrc.nist.gov/publications/sp800 series document.
As you can see, there are so many of over
200 that have been created over the last 25 years.
For the exercise, you should pick a couple to explore,
read what they have inside of them.
For example, if we were to look at the first one,
general access control for Cloud systems.
So what does this mean?
Well, if an organization is using something in the Cloud,
like with AWS or Azure or the Google Cloud.
This is how they control access to it.
These are the rules and regulations that you can follow.
You can read a lot more about it within the abstract and including the keywords.
Another special publication I wanted to call out,
is the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education,
the Cybersecurity Workforce Framework.
This is the rules for overcoming that cyber security skills gap.
It's an international initiative in order to help people into
the cyber security career and help employers
find the right people for their cyber security programs.
Take some time to look through the NIST special publications 800 series.
You'll be using them throughout your cybersecurity career.